fix: Use attributes for Kubernetes occurences (#1888)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/examples/checluster-properties.adoc

 Property: Description 
airGapContainerRegistryHostname: Optional host name, or URL, to an alternate container registry to pull images from. This value overrides the container registry host name defined in all the default container images involved in a Che deployment. This is particularly useful to install Che in a restricted environment.
airGapContainerRegistryOrganization: Optional repository name of an alternate container registry to pull images from. This value overrides the container registry organization defined in all the default container images involved in a Che deployment. This is particularly useful to install {prod-short} in a restricted environment.

> allowUserDefinedWorkspaceNamespaces: Defines that a user is allowed to specify a {platforms-namespace}, or an OpenShift project, which differs from the default. It's NOT RECOMMENDED to set to `true` without OpenShift OAuth configured. The OpenShift infrastructure also uses this property.

Author: ```suggestion
allowUserDefinedWorkspaceNamespaces: Defines that a user is allowed to specify a {platforms-namespace}, which differs from the default. It's NOT RECOMMENDED to set to `true` without OpenShift OAuth configured. The OpenShift infrastructure also uses this property.
```

:=== 
 Property: Description 
ingressClass: Ingress class that will define the which controller will manage ingresses. Defaults to `nginx`. NB\: This drives the `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation on Che-related ingresses.

> ingressDomain: Global ingress domain for a {orch-name} cluster. This MUST be explicitly specified\: there are no defaults.

Reviewer: Since this section of the `CheCluster` custom resource is for raw Kubernetes clusters, (non-OpenShift), it might make sense to keep `{kubernetes]` here.

Reviewer: By the way, it seems there's an error at [line 124](https://github.com/eclipse/che-docs/pull/1888/files#diff-eb21f1372e73e4cac48f5299e610e09d815c3d10cc59a21dbb8efdd092b45d1aR124). It should be `Kubernetes` as well afaik. The current docs are misleading here afaict.

Author: Do you mean the name of the parameter is `kubernetes` instead of `k8s`?

> ingressDomain: Global ingress domain for a {orch-name} cluster. This MUST be explicitly specified\: there are no defaults.

Author: ```suggestion
ingressDomain: Global ingress domain for a {kubernetes} cluster. This MUST be explicitly specified\: there are no defaults.
```
